doc: add new section for EFI/vTPM cloning, fix the out of date page in 1.8 (#1061)
harvester/docs: docs/vm/clone-vm.md

VM can be cloned with/without data. This function doesn't need to take a VM snapshot or set up a backup target first.

> The cloned VM inherits the source VM's basic configuration. Before cloning, you can update settings such as the VM name, volume data cloning, and [run strategy](./create-vm.md#run-strategy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cloned virtual machine inherits the source's basic configuration. You can choose whether to include the source's volume data, as well as customize the clone's name and [run strategy](./create-vm.md#run-strategy).
```

> ## Clone VM with volume data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Clone a Virtual Machine with Volume Data
```

> 1. On the `Virtual Machines` page, click `Clone` of the VM actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the **Virtual Machines** screen, locate the target virtual machine and select **⋮ > Clone**.

    ![clone-vm-with-data.png](/img/v1.8/vm/clone-vm-with-data.png)
```

Reviewer: The image is more relevant to this step.

> 2. Select a [run strategy](./create-vm.md#run-strategy). The cloned VM uses the source VM's run strategy by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Specify a unique name for the cloned virtual machine. 

1. Select a [run strategy](./create-vm.md#run-strategy).

    The cloned virtual machine uses the source's run strategy by default.
```

Reviewer: The suggested steps reflect how `New Virtual Machine Name` appears before `Run Strategy`.

3. Set a new VM name and click `Create` to create a new VM.

> ![clone-vm-with-data.png](/img/v1.8/vm/clone-vm-with-data.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Create**.
```

> ## Clone VM without volume data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Clone a Virtual Machine Without Volume Data
```

Cloning a VM without volume data creates a new VM with the same configuration as the source VM.

> 1. On the `Virtual Machines` page, click `Clone` of the VM actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the **Virtual Machines** screen, locate the target virtual machine and select **⋮ > Clone**.

    ![clone-vm-without-data.png](/img/v1.8/vm/clone-vm-without-data.png)
```

2. Clear the `clone volume data` checkbox.
3. Select a [run strategy](./create-vm.md#run-strategy). The cloned VM uses the source VM's run strategy by default.
4. Set a new VM name and click `Create` to create a new VM.

> ![clone-vm-without-data.png](/img/v1.8/vm/clone-vm-without-data.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clear **Clone volume data**.

1. Specify a unique name for the cloned virtual machine. 

1. Select a [run strategy](./create-vm.md#run-strategy).

    The cloned virtual machine uses the source's run strategy by default.

1. Click **Create**.
```

![clone-vm-without-data-config.png](/img/v1.8/vm/clone-vm-without-data-config.png)

## EFI and vTPM Persistent State

> Harvester supports cloning VMs that use persistent EFI or vTPM state. When you clone this type of VM, Harvester also copies the persistent state that the guest OS depends on. This allows the cloned VM to keep EFI NVRAM settings and vTPM data, such as a BitLocker recovery key stored in vTPM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harvester supports cloning virtual machines that use persistent EFI or vTPM states. During cloning, Harvester copies the underlying persistent data that the guest operating system depends on. This ensures the cloned virtual machine retains vital configuration details, such as EFI NVRAM settings and vTPM-stored data (including BitLocker recovery keys).
```

> Before creating the cloned VM, you can choose whether to enable EFI, vTPM, or both. Harvester preserves only the persistent state required by the cloned VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable EFI and/or vTPM independently before cloning. Harvester preserves only the persistent state required by the cloned virtual machine.
```

- If both EFI and vTPM are enabled, Harvester preserves both persistent states.
- If only EFI or only vTPM is enabled, Harvester preserves only the selected persistent state.

> - If neither EFI nor vTPM is enabled, Harvester does not process the persistent state storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| EFI Status | vTPM Status | Harvester Behavior |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Enabled | Enabled | Preserves both persistent states |
| Enabled | Disabled | Preserves only the EFI state |
| Disabled | Enabled | Preserves only the vTPM state |
| Diasbled | Disabled | Skips processing of persistent state storage |
```

> The cloned VM may stay in the `Pending` state while Harvester copies and prepares the persistent state storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cloned virtual machine may remain in the `Pending` state while Harvester prepares the persistent state storage.
```

:::note

> EFI and vTPM persistent state is stored separately from the volumes listed in `vm.Spec.Template.Spec.Volumes`. Harvester creates this storage only after the source VM has been started at least once. If the source VM has never been started, cloning a VM with EFI or vTPM persistent state can fail because the required source storage does not exist.

Reviewer: @pohanhuang Please address this comment.

4. Set a new VM name and click `Create` to create a new VM.
![clone-vm-without-data.png](/img/v1.8/vm/clone-vm-without-data.png)
![clone-vm-without-data-config.png](/img/v1.8/vm/clone-vm-without-data-config.png)

## EFI and vTPM Persistent State

Harvester supports cloning VMs that use persistent EFI or vTPM state. When you clone this type of VM, Harvester also copies the persistent state that the guest OS depends on. This allows the cloned VM to keep EFI NVRAM settings and vTPM data, such as a BitLocker recovery key stored in vTPM.

Before creating the cloned VM, you can choose whether to enable EFI, vTPM, or both. Harvester preserves only the persistent state required by the cloned VM.

- If both EFI and vTPM are enabled, Harvester preserves both persistent states.
- If only EFI or only vTPM is enabled, Harvester preserves only the selected persistent state.
- If neither EFI nor vTPM is enabled, Harvester does not process the persistent state storage.

The cloned VM may stay in the `Pending` state while Harvester copies and prepares the persistent state storage.

![efi-tpm-clone.png](/img/v1.9/vm/efi-tpm-clone.png)

> :::note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution
```

EFI and vTPM persistent state is stored separately from the volumes listed in `vm.Spec.Template.Spec.Volumes`. Harvester creates this storage only after the source VM has been started at least once. If the source VM has never been started, cloning a VM with EFI or vTPM persistent state can fail because the required source storage does not exist.

:::

:::caution

> Because the persistent state is copied from the source VM, guest-visible firmware identifiers such as the firmware UUID will be the same on the cloned VM. The cloned VM still has its own VM object identity in Harvester.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the persistent state is copied directly from the source, the cloned virtual machine will inherit identical guest-visible firmware identifiers (including the firmware UUID). However, the clone retains its own virtual machine object identity within Harvester.
```

Reviewer: I suggest that we combine the two notes.
